.nh
.TH "GH-PR-DIFF" "1" "Mar 2026" "GitHub CLI 2.88.1" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-pr-diff - View changes in a pull request


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh pr diff [<number> | <url> | <branch>] [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
View changes in a pull request.

.PP
Without an argument, the pull request that belongs to the current branch
is selected.

.PP
With \fB--web\fR flag, open the pull request diff in a web browser instead.

.PP
Use \fB--exclude\fR to filter out files matching a glob pattern. The pattern
uses forward slashes as path separators on all platforms. You can repeat
the flag to exclude multiple patterns.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--color\fR \fB<string> (default "auto")\fR
Use color in diff output: {always|never|auto}

.TP
\fB-e\fR, \fB--exclude\fR \fB<patterns>\fR
Exclude files matching glob patterns from the diff

.TP
\fB--name-only\fR
Display only names of changed files

.TP
\fB--patch\fR
Display diff in patch format

.TP
\fB-w\fR, \fB--web\fR
Open the pull request diff in the browser


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.TP
\fB-R\fR, \fB--repo\fR \fB<[HOST/]OWNER/REPO>\fR
Select another repository using the [HOST/]OWNER/REPO format


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
# See diff for current branch
$ gh pr diff

# See diff for a specific PR
$ gh pr diff 123

# Exclude files from diff output
$ gh pr diff --exclude '*.yml' --exclude 'generated/*'

# Exclude matching files by name
$ gh pr diff --name-only --exclude '*.generated.*'

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-pr(1)\fR
